![Labelbox
Logo](https://s7-recruiting.cdn.greenhouse.io/external_greenhouse_job_boards/logos/400/195/400/original/On_light_background_\(1\).png?1691093207)

[Back to jobs](https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/labelbox?gh_src=43db1c957us)

# Forward Deployed Engineer

San Francisco Bay Area

Apply

Labelbox is the data factory for generative AI, providing the highest quality
training data for frontier and task-specific models. Labelbox’s comprehensive
platform combines on-demand labeling services powered by the Alignerr
community of highly-educated experts, who span all major languages and a
diverse range of advanced subjects. They are available on-demand to rapidly
generate new data for supervised fine-tuning, RLHF, and more. Labelbox’s
software-first approach delivers unmatched control and transparency into the
labeling process, leading to the generation of high-quality, consistent data
at scale.

Labelbox is backed by leading investors including SoftBank, Andreessen
Horowitz, B Capital, Gradient Ventures, Databricks Ventures, and Kleiner
Perkins. Our customers include Fortune 500 enterprises and leading AI labs.

### **About the Role**

This role requires an entrepreneurial mindset. You will operate like a
technical cofounder of an AI startup. Maybe that’s what you will become after
cutting your teeth at Labelbox!

You will use a unique mix of engineering, product and sales to deliver data on
high stakes projects for Frontier AI labs - think Google, Meta, Amazon. You
will work with human data teams or AI researchers in customer organizations to
produce the best datasets for model Evals, Supervised Finetuning, or ground
truth data for advanced and emerging Reinforcement Learning techniques

This role is based in our dedicated tech hub in San Francisco, CA. We use a
hybrid work model of 2 days in the office per week.

### **Your Day to Day**

  * Understand what data Frontier AI labs need to measure LLM performance and improve model capabilities.

  * Build and operate human data pipelines to produce the best data.

  * Write code for pipelines and analyze data quality.

  * Write specs for engineering to improve human data tools and workflows.

### **About You**

  * Master’s degree or above (Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, AI)

  * Proficiency in Python

  * Ability to communicate precisely and clearly

  * Excellent project management skills

  * Interest in the intersection of product, engineering and customer facing role

_Labelbox strives to ensure pay parity across the organization and discuss
compensation transparently.   The expected annual base salary range for United
States-based candidates_ _ __is below. This range is not inclusive of any
potential equity packages or additional benefits. Exact compensation varies
based on a variety of factors, including skills and competencies, experience,
and geographical location._

Annual base salary range

$140,000 \- $200,000 USD

**Your Personal Data Privacy:  **Any personal information you provide Labelbox
as a part of your application will be processed in accordance with Labelbox’s
[Job Applicant Privacy notice](https://docs.labelbox.com/page/job-applicant-
privacy-notice).

Any emails from Labelbox team members will originate from a @labelbox.com
email address. If you encounter anything that raises suspicions during your
interactions, we encourage you to exercise caution and suspend or discontinue
communications.

## Apply for this job

*

indicates a required field

First Name*

Last Name*

Preferred First Name

Email*

Phone*

Resume/CV*

AttachAttach

Google Drive

Enter manuallyEnter manually

Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf

Cover Letter

AttachAttach

Google Drive

Enter manuallyEnter manually

Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf

* * *

Website

LinkedIn Profile

How did you hear about us?

Select...

We are currently prioritizing candidates based in one of our hubs. Please
select your current location from this list.*

Select...

Do you have experience working with data quality, problems, or dataset
diversity?*

Select...

Submit application

Powered by

[Greenhouse](https://www.greenhouse.io/privacy-policy)

Read our [Privacy Policy](https://www.greenhouse.io/privacy-policy)

